f1:
One of the greatest Irish stories ever told.

A century ago, Ireland was reborn in the fires of rebellion and war. The playwright Sean O’Casey bore witness to these seismic events and dramatised them as the Dublin Trilogy, three great works of Irish theatre, full of history, humanity and humour.

100 years later, Druid will weave O’Casey’s three plays into an epic theatrical event of conflict, national identity and the human toll of war, DruidO’Casey.

Audiences will experience O’Casey’s work as never before: directed by Tony Award winner Garry Hynes, a company of 18 actors will perform the three plays in one day, drawing parallels between an Irish past and an international present. A limited number of individual performances of the three plays in the trilogy will also take place.

DruidO’Casey begins with The Plough and the Stars, the story of newlyweds Jack and Nora Clitheroe living in a city on the brink of rebellion in 1916.

In The Shadow of a Gunman, Donal Davoren, Seumas Shields and Minnie Powell find themselves tragically tangled up in the Irish War of Independence.

The saga ends with Juno and the Paycock and the Boyle family who see their fortunes dashed amidst the upheaval of the Irish Civil War.

Renowned for their previous play cycles (DruidSynge, DruidMurphy and DruidShakespeare), DruidO’Casey will be the most ambitious production in Druid’s history.

f2:
Fat Freddy’s Drop New Zealand’s Funk Machine to play the Heineken Big Top.

Fat Freddy’s Drop is internationally regarded as one of the world’s finest live draws. The seven-piece band has developed a huge following in their native New Zealand and in Australia where their live energy has built a loyal audience of Fred Heads.

Combining a love of analog techno, house, soul, dub, reggae, disco, rhythm and blues, Fat Freddy's Drop have released six studio albums and two live albums. NPR said of them ‘Take the swagger of Jamaican dub, throw in a little Memphis soul and send it halfway down the globe, and what comes back? The band Fat Freddy's Drop’.

Their debut studio album Based on a True Story became New Zealand’s Album of the Year and stayed in the charts there for a record breaking two years. They have toured consistently over the last number of years in between albums and it is these live shows, and the word of mouth generated by them, which have really built the band’s reputation.

Their live performances set them apart with the Guardian newspaper describing them as ‘A must-see live gig’, and rating their live performance as five-star.

Fat Freddy’s Drop play the Heineken Big Top on Thursday 20 July.

f3:
For nearly two decades, Kaiser Chiefs have been one of the UK's biggest bands, known for chart-topping tunes and fantastic live shows.
Accolades for the popular band include three Brit Awards, an NME award for Best Album, and a spot on the Mercury Prize shortlist.

Over the years, Kaiser Chiefs have supported legendary acts including U2, Green Day, and Foo Fighters. Memorably, they were featured in the closing ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics, playing "Pinball Wizard" by The Who.

Heineken Big Top audiences can look forward to '00s-era favourites, like "Ruby" and "I Predict a Riot", which was featured on NME's "Greatest Indie Anthems Ever" countdown. The prolific band has released a total of seven studio ablums, and audiences can also look forward to tracks from their more recent releases, including 2019's Duck.

f4:
Get set to ‘Blink in the Light’ as of one of Ireland’s most popular bands Bell X1 return to Galway International Arts Festival.


Bell X1 will make a welcome return to the Heineken Big Top on Friday 28 July in what is sure to be one of the best live gigs of the summer.

Known for their musical versatility and experimentation, Bell X1’s studio albums have incorporated alternative, indie, hard rock, post-punk, acoustic, lo-fi, folk-rock, ballad, pop, synth-pop, new wave and electronica.

Audiences can expect to hear songs from their much anticipated new album as well as hits from the band’s critically-acclaimed albums, which include Rocky Took a Lover, The Great Defector, The End is Nigh and Flame amongst others.

Bell X1’s work has been recognised and rewarded, with four of their albums nominated for the Choice Music Prize for Irish Album of the Year and three debuting at #1 on the Irish Album Charts.

Bell X1 are Dave Geraghty, Paul Noonan and Dominic Phillips.