From: https://thisisgalway.ie/

Night Life
The fun doesn't stop when the sun goes down at the Galway International Arts Festival! The city becomes a hub of activity during the festival, with a vibrant night-life scene to explore.

From cozy pubs to trendy cocktail lounges and dance clubs, you'll find something to suit your mood and taste in Galway. Many of the pubs and bars in the city center offer live music, from traditional Irish sessions to contemporary bands, and everything in between. This is an ideal opportunity to experience what the city is famous for - a traditional pint of Guinness and some lively Irish music!

If you're in the mood for cocktails, head to one of the many trendy bars and lounges dotted throughout the city. These offer expertly-crafted cocktails and a sophisticated atmosphere to enjoy them in. You can also find wine bars for a more relaxed experience, and many cafes turn into bustling bars at night.

For those who want to dance the night away, there are several nightclubs in the city that stay open late into the night. Here, you can enjoy top DJs, dancing, and a lively atmosphere.

With so many options to choose from, you're sure to find something that suits your style during the Galway International Arts Festival. So, come and enjoy the vibrant night-life scene of this beautiful city!


Blake's Bar:
The restaurant features all the elements of an authentic bistro, from a cozy, unpretentious atmosphere to delicious fare at a modest price and will transport guests to an oasis of calm from the hustle and bustle of busy city life.

Freeney's:
Freeney’s Bar is a traditional Irish pub in Galway’s Latin Quarter, with a superb range of Irish whiskey on display. Freeney’s bar staff serve an excellent pint of Guinness and possess considerable knowledge of whiskey. Family owned and operated since 1938, Freeney’s is one of Galway’s original whiskey bars.

Garavan's Bar:
Garavan’s Bar – Nestled in the heart of Galway city’s main shopping thoroughfare, stands the historic building that is Garavan’s Public House.

The Front Door Pub:
The Front Door is the place where Galway’s party people come to socialise in a city that’s renowned for its nightlife. Each and every evening the bar is a hive of activity with drinks served until 2am. We also have live music 7 nights a week with popular bands and DJ’s.

The Quays Bar:
The Quays hosts live traditional music sessions seven nights a week and serve quality traditional Irish cuisine, not to mention the delicious oysters straight from the Galway Bay. Most nights you will find locals and tourists enjoying the buzzing atmosphere. Therefore, if you are a solo traveler in Galway, stop by the Quays where there will always be a friendly face and a pint waiting!