Hostelworld says

Kinlay House Hostel Galway is located on Eyre Square, a pretty green which is also the centre of nightlife in Galway. This lively hostel was recently renovated and modernised and features accommodating staff and a friendly, relaxed atmosphere. Hostelworld guests have said this hostel is 'very well thought-out', citing the very large common areas, guest kitchen, frequently-praised free breakfast and the power outlets in the lockers. We like that there's traditional Irish musical instruments for guests to use.
Property Description

Modern, Spacious and Comfortable, Kinlay is located on the corner of Eyre Square in Galway City and is only a 2 minute walk from both the Coach and Train Station as well as the main thoroughfare of Shop Street, Quay Street and the Spanish Arch.

This top rated, award-winning Hostel is described as a 'Top Choice' in the current edition of the Lonely Planet guide book. Kinlay Hostel offers a mix of private rooms and dormitories. Guest facilities include a very comfortable common room with a pool table, 70" TV screen, a spacious and fully equipped self-catering kitchen and a large dining area. A free substantial breakfast, high-speed Wi-Fi & free luggage storage are just some of the benefits of staying here.

There is a 24-hour reception desk and staff are available to meet your every need and to offer recommendations including arranging tours to the Cliffs of Moher, Connemara and the Aran Islands. All tours leave from outside the front door every morning and can be booked with reception staff upon check-in, all at the best rates available.

Kinlay is now a fully POD hostel. This means that when you book a bed in one of our 4,6 or 8 bed dorm rooms, you will sleep in one of our new POD beds with all-round privacy to give you the most comfortable dorm experience possible for a seriously budget friendly price.

Please note that large groups may be required to pay a security deposit upon check-in. This deposit is fully refundable upon checkout once all house rules and other guests have been respected.

Please note we don't accept -17 in dormitories.